Update documentation to new structure for slbeta2 release (#17)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-microsoft.onedrive: onedrive/Module.md

## Overview

> Ballerina connector for Microsoft OneDrive is connecting to OneDrive file storage API in Microsoft Graph v1.0 via Ballerina 

Reviewer: Suggestion:
"Ballerina connector for Microsoft OneDrive connects to the OneDrive file storage API in Microsoft Graph v1.0 via the Ballerina language. The connector allows you to programmatically perform basic drive functionalities such as file upload, download. It also allows you to share files and folders stored on Microsoft OneDrive."

Author: Changed

language easily. It provides capability to perform basic drive functionalities including as Uploading, Downloading, 
Sharing files and folders which have been stored on Microsoft OneDrive programmatically. 

> This module supports [Microsoft Graph API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview) v1.0 version and only allows to perform functions behalf of the currently logged in user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module supports [Microsoft Graph API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview) v1.0 and allows performing functions only on behalf of the currently signed-in user.
```

Author: Applied the suggested change

> ## Configuring connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring the connector
```

Author: Applied the suggested change

### Prerequisites

> - Microsoft Office365 Personal account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Microsoft 365 Personal account.
```

Author: Applied the suggested change

> - Access to register an application in Azure portal

Reviewer: Suggestion:
"An Azure account that has an active subscription to register an application in Azure portal."

Author: Applied the suggested change

### Obtaining tokens

> Follow the following steps below to obtain the configurations.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
"Follow these steps to register your application and obtain the required tokens:"

Author: Applied the suggested change

## Overview
Ballerina connector for Microsoft OneDrive connects to the OneDrive file storage API in Microsoft Graph v1.0 via the 
Ballerina language. The connector allows you to programmatically perform basic drive functionalities such as file 
upload, download. It also allows you to share files and folders stored on Microsoft OneDrive.

This module supports [Microsoft Graph API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview) `v1.0` and allows performing functions only on behalf of the currently signed-in user.

> ## Prerequisites

Author: Added

* Create a [Microsoft 365 Personal account](https://www.office.com/)
* Create an [Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/) to register an application in the Azure portal
* Obtain tokens

>     - Use [this](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/auth-register-app-v2) guide to register an application with the Microsoft identity platform

Author: Added the suggested change

## Quickstart
To use the OneDrive connector in your Ballerina application, update the .bal file as follows:
### Step 1 - Import connector

> Import the `ballerinax/microsoft.onedrive` module into the Ballerina project.

Author: Fixed

```ballerina
import ballerinax/microsoft.onedrive;
```
### Step 2 - Create a new connector instance
To make the connection, use the OAuth2 refresh token grant configuration as follows:
```ballerina
onedrive:Configuration configuration = {
    clientConfig: {
        refreshUrl: <REFRESH_URL>,
        refreshToken : <REFRESH_TOKEN>,
        clientId : <CLIENT_ID>,
        clientSecret : <CLIENT_SECRET>,
        scopes: [<NECESSARY_SCOPES>]
    }
};
```
### Step 3 - Invoke connector operation

1. Create a folder <br/>
    To create a folder, use the following code block:

```ballerina
string parentID = "<PARENT_FOLDER_ID>";
string newFolderName = "Samples_Test";
onedrive:FolderMetadata item = {
    name: newFolderName,
    conflictResolutionBehaviour : "rename"
};

onedrive:DriveItemData|onedrive:Error driveItem = driveClient->createFolderById(parentID, item);

if (driveItem is onedrive:DriveItemData) {
    log:printInfo("Folder Created " + driveItem.toString());
    log:printInfo("Success!");
} else {
    log:printError(driveItem.message());
}
```

> 2. Use `bal run` command to compile and run the Ballerina program.

Author: This is added as per the common format agreed by the team. The changes which will alter that format will be added in next release cycles
